Add Learning Objectives for JS2 Week 3 (#433)
Code-Your-Future/syllabus: js-core-2/week-3/lesson.md

---

## Learning Objectives

By the end of this lesson students should be able to:

- Define the difference between synchronous and asynchronous code
- Describe why writing asynchronous code is important when working with the internet
- Write code that is able to pass a function to another function as a parameter and run it
- Use callbacks to run code at some point in the future

> - Define a clients and servers role in the client/server architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define a client's and server's role in the client/server architecture
```
